 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.10.2 (2023-06-09)
***************************

* Add v1_10_2.rst release note
* Finalize plugin organization

  * interface_modules -> plugins/modules
  * yaml_configs -> plugins/yaml
  * Rename subdirectories appropriately
* Finalize interface updates

  * Update interface names throughout code
  * Finalize required attributes / formatting for all plugins
  * Update all test scripts for new command line options
* Finalize setup/install

  * Update setuptools_scm to write to _version.py
  * Replace setup.py with pyproject.toml
  * Simplify setup.sh to only install gdeck archive
  * Update to standard .gitignore
  * Update to standard README.md
* Finalize test_all.sh - check_code, and $GEOIPS checks

*From issue GEOIPS#251: 2023-05-17, version update*

Breaking Changes
================

Rename plugin directories
-------------------------

::

  renamed: true_color/interface_modules/algorithms/visir/TrueColor.py -> true_color/plugins/modules/algorithms/visir/TrueColor.py
  renamed: true_color/yaml_configs/product_params/visir/TrueColor.yaml -> true_color/plugins/yaml/product_defaults/visir/TrueColor.yaml
  renamed: true_color/yaml_configs/product_inputs/abi.yaml -> true_color/plugins/yaml/products/abi.yaml
  renamed: true_color/yaml_configs/product_inputs/ahi.yaml -> true_color/plugins/yaml/products/ahi.yaml
  renamed: true_color/yaml_configs/product_inputs/modis.yaml -> true_color/plugins/yaml/products/modis.yaml
  renamed: true_color/yaml_configs/product_inputs/viirs.yaml -> true_color/plugins/yaml/products/viirs.yaml

Finalize required attributes / formatting for all plugins
---------------------------------------------------------

This includes all module-based and YAML-based plugins.

Modified for black/code formatting as well.

::

        modified:   true_color/plugins/modules/algorithms/visir/TrueColor.py
        modified:   true_color/plugins/yaml/product_defaults/visir/TrueColor.yaml
        deleted:    true_color/plugins/yaml/products/abi.yaml
        deleted:    true_color/plugins/yaml/products/ahi.yaml
        deleted:    true_color/plugins/yaml/products/modis.yaml
        new file:   true_color/plugins/yaml/products/true_color.yaml
        deleted:    true_color/plugins/yaml/products/viirs.yaml

Refactoring Updates
===================

Add __init__.py in all package directories
------------------------------------------

::

  added: true_color/plugins/__init__.py
  added: true_color/plugins/modules/__init__.py
  added: true_color/plugins/modules/algorithms/__init__.py

Update setuptools_scm to write to _version.py vs version.py
-----------------------------------------------------------

This is a more accepted and standard usage. Ensure we ignore the _version.py
file, import from __init__.py, as well as adding to pyproject.toml.

::

  .gitignore
  true_color/__init__.py
  pyproject.toml

Replace setup.py with pyproject.toml
------------------------------------

::

  removed: setup.py
  new: pyproject.toml

Simplify setup.sh to only install gdeck archive
-----------------------------------------------

Remove all of the pip install and clone commands,
only retain gdeck archive setup.

::

  setup.sh

Update to standard .gitignore
-----------------------------

Include all the standard .gitignore information from
the github template repo.

::

  modified: .gitignore

Update to standard README.md
----------------------------

Update to include standard README.md information.

* #installation and #readme links
* Explicit git clone command
* Reminder to enable GeoIPS environment, vs explicitly sourcing $GEOIPS_CONFIG_FILE
* Add check_system_requirements.sh commands for getting test data
* Update GeoIPS version requirement

::

  modified: README.md

Testing Updates
===============

Update test_all.sh to include $GEOIPS check and code_check test
---------------------------------------------------------------

Standardize test_all.sh to ensure $GEOIPS is cloned locally, and to
call the "code_check" test script by default.

::

  tests/test_all.sh

Update all test scripts for new command line options
----------------------------------------------------

output_format -> output_formatter
filename_format -> filename_formatter

::

        modified:   tests/scripts/abi.sh
        modified:   tests/scripts/ahi.sh
        modified:   tests/scripts/modis.sh
        modified:   tests/scripts/viirs.sh

Release Updates
===============

Add 1.10.0 release note
-----------------------

*From issue GEOIPS#251: 2023-05-17, version update*

::

    modified: CHANGELOG.rst
    new file: docs/source/releases/v1_10_2.rst
    modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst