 | # # # Distribution Statement A. Approved for public release. Distribution unlimited.
 | # # #
 | # # # Author:
 | # # # Naval Research Laboratory, Marine Meteorology Division
 | # # #
 | # # # This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
 | # # # the terms of the NRLMMD License included with this program. This program is
 | # # # distributed WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
 | # # # MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the included license
 | # # # for more details. If you did not receive the license, for more information see:
 | # # # https://github.com/U-S-NRL-Marine-Meteorology-Division/

Version 1.12.0 (2023-12-07)
***************************

* Bug fixes

  * Update algorithm -> algorithms
  * Move rayleigh import inside function
* Installation Updates

  * Update pyproject.toml to poetry

Bug Fixes
=========

Move rayleigh import inside function
------------------------------------

Avoid importing during install/plugin registry setup.

::

  modified: true_color/plugins/modules/algorithms/visir/TrueColor.py

Update algorithm -> algorithms
------------------------------

*From GEOIPS#408: 2023-11-19, release process updates*

Update interface name from algorithm to algorithms.

::

  modified: true_color/plugins/modules/algorithms/visir/TrueColor.py

Installation Updates
====================

Update to pyproject.toml poetry
-------------------------------

Include rayleigh git depedency in pyproject.toml.  Also add the empty _version.py
file (for poetry dynamic versioning), and update .gitignore to standard formatting.

NOTE: git-based pyproject.toml dependencies do not seem to
build/install quite right. Comment out from pyproject.toml for now.

::

  modified: pyproject.toml
  modified: .gitignore
  new: true_color/_version.py

Release Process
===============

Add release note for v1.12.0
----------------------------

*From GEOIPS#376: 2023-11-01, release process updates*

*From GEOIPS#408: 2023-11-19, release process updates*

All updates until the next release (v1.12.0) will be included in
this release note.

::

  modified: docs/source/releases/v1_12_0.rst
  modified: docs/source/releases/index.rst
